README.md, before:

# Project of Applied Security Laboratory

Project of Applied Security Laboratory, ETH Zürich, Prof. David Basin, Fall Semester 2023.

## Team

- Damiano Amatruda (<damatruda@student.ethz.ch>)
- Patrick Aldover (<paldover@student.ethz.ch>)
- Alessandro Cabodi (<acabodi@student.ethz.ch>)
- Hain Luud (<haluud@student.ethz.ch>)

## Project Structure

| Folder | Description |
|---|---|
| [backdoor](./backdoor) | Backdoor Script |
| [bak](./bak) | Backup Server |
| [ca](./ca) | Certificate Authority (Core CA) |
| [db](./db) | Database |
| [log](./log) | Log Server |
| [obfuscator](./obfuscator) | Obfuscators |
| [scripts](./scripts) | Build Scripts (for GNU Make targets) |
| [secrets](./secrets) | Global Sensitive Configuration Files |
| [web](./web) | Web Server |

## Run in Virtual Machines

Run the project in virtual machines using:

```bash
vagrant up
```

This command creates the components as virtual machines for VirtualBox using Vagrant and Ansible.

Alternatively, use the following GNU Make target:

```bash
make vagrant
```

Access the Web Server from the client virtual machine at <https://imovies.ch>.

## Run in Local Containers

Run the project in local containers using:

```bash
docker compose up --build -d
```

This command creates the components as containers using Docker, facilitating rapid debugging.

Alternatively, use the following GNU Make target:

```bash
make docker
```

Access the components from your local machine at the following URLs:

| Service | URL |
|---|---|
| Web Server | <https://127.0.0.1:8000> |
| CA | <https://127.0.0.1:8001> |
| Database Server | mysql://127.0.0.1:3306 |
| Log Server | syslog://127.0.0.1:6514 |
| Backup Server | <https://127.0.0.1:8002> |

## Build OVA Packages

Build the OVA packages using:

```bash
make
```

The packages are stored in the `obfuscate/package` directory.

For enhanced reliability, use:

```bash
make clean all
```

This command cleans up the project before building the OVA packages.

## Compilation and Obfuscation

The OVA packages contain Python code compiled using Cython, with a copy of the executables temporarily stored in the `obfuscate` folder.

Build packages containing non-compiled code into the `package` folder using:

```bash
make package
```

Run compiled code in virtual machines:

```bash
make obfuscate-vagrant
```

Or in local containers:

```bash
make obfuscate-docker
```

Obfuscate code using Pyarmor instead of compiling using Cython by setting this environment variable before running any GNU Make target:

```bash
export OBFUSCATOR=pyarmor
```

Commit message:

Updated the README with the project's description.

README.md, after:

# Project of Applied Security Laboratory

Project of Applied Security Laboratory, ETH Zürich, Prof. David Basin, Fall Semester 2023. 

The project's goal was to design and implement the IT infrastructure for a fictional company that offers PKI-based services. The system needed to have a CA, a legacy MySQL database, a certificate revocation process, administrator interface, a key backup system, a way for system administrators to do maintenance and a web service for clients. The system also had to comply with multiple security requirements (access control to the IT systems and CA functionality, secrecy and integrity mechanisms for private keys and data). However we also had to plant two backdoors to the system such that when we analyzed another group's system, we had to try and find the planted backdoors and abuse them. For both the creation and security analsis stages of the project, we had to create a written report.

## Team

- Damiano Amatruda (<damatruda@student.ethz.ch>)
- Patrick Aldover (<paldover@student.ethz.ch>)
- Alessandro Cabodi (<acabodi@student.ethz.ch>)
- Hain Luud (<haluud@student.ethz.ch>)

## Project Structure

| Folder | Description |
|---|---|
| [backdoor](./backdoor) | Backdoor Script |
| [bak](./bak) | Backup Server |
| [ca](./ca) | Certificate Authority (Core CA) |
| [db](./db) | Database |
| [log](./log) | Log Server |
| [obfuscator](./obfuscator) | Obfuscators |
| [scripts](./scripts) | Build Scripts (for GNU Make targets) |
| [secrets](./secrets) | Global Sensitive Configuration Files |
| [web](./web) | Web Server |

## Run in Virtual Machines

Run the project in virtual machines using:

```bash
vagrant up
```

This command creates the components as virtual machines for VirtualBox using Vagrant and Ansible.

Alternatively, use the following GNU Make target:

```bash
make vagrant
```

Access the Web Server from the client virtual machine at <https://imovies.ch>.

## Run in Local Containers

Run the project in local containers using:

```bash
docker compose up --build -d
```

This command creates the components as containers using Docker, facilitating rapid debugging.

Alternatively, use the following GNU Make target:

```bash
make docker
```

Access the components from your local machine at the following URLs:

| Service | URL |
|---|---|
| Web Server | <https://127.0.0.1:8000> |
| CA | <https://127.0.0.1:8001> |
| Database Server | mysql://127.0.0.1:3306 |
| Log Server | syslog://127.0.0.1:6514 |
| Backup Server | <https://127.0.0.1:8002> |

## Build OVA Packages

Build the OVA packages using:

```bash
make
```

The packages are stored in the `obfuscate/package` directory.

For enhanced reliability, use:

```bash
make clean all
```

This command cleans up the project before building the OVA packages.

## Compilation and Obfuscation

The OVA packages contain Python code compiled using Cython, with a copy of the executables temporarily stored in the `obfuscate` folder.

Build packages containing non-compiled code into the `package` folder using:

```bash
make package
```

Run compiled code in virtual machines:

```bash
make obfuscate-vagrant
```

Or in local containers:

```bash
make obfuscate-docker
```

Obfuscate code using Pyarmor instead of compiling using Cython by setting this environment variable before running any GNU Make target:

```bash
export OBFUSCATOR=pyarmor
```
